This script intend to generate 3D model of the PCB from PCB Fab drawing
files (Drill, Gerber, 3D-BOM...) or KiCad PCBNew file (.mod file only).

# History & HowItWork
  * ``macros/kicad_to_solidwork`` \\
  This script were first developed for generated 3D model from KiCad 4.0.0
  version where PCBNew were using .mod file. It was reading following
  layers:
    * PCB Edge Layer: Line, Arc, Circle for constructing the base PCB
      Outline, and pickup drilling hold infomation.
    * Top and Bottom Silk Layer: Line/DS, Circle/DC, T0 (Reference), T1
      (Value), and Text objects for reconstruct silk screen layer
    * Top and Bottom Cooper Layer: Text objects for reconstruct onto PCB

  * ``macros/gerber_to_solidwork`` \\
  This script were developed after realization what KiCad may change there
  file format, and it is not a good way when PCB may created from
  difference program. So chose a set of standard fabrication file that
  every PCB software must have to send to PCB manufacture. Those seem
  to be Gerber, Drill, Component position, and BOM files. However, 3D-BOM
  file would be more useful for place the 3D model of component into
  Solidwork. 

  * The PCB model will be generated by first create sketch of a interesting
    layer or objects. Then extrusded them into a 3D.

# Intruction to import script into Solidwork
  * Solidwork -> Tools -> Macro -> New..
  * Chose macro name of your choice, and press on Save
  * MS Visual Basic -> File -> Import File.. (Ctrl+M shortcut) to import
    all file in macros/libs, and either macros/gerber_to_solidwork or
    macros/kicad_to_solidwork files.
  * Now you should able to run macro from Solidwork -> Tools -> Macro ->
    Run menu

# Know Issues
  * Solidwork Extruded feature many time will reject to do so for cases
    many cases when drill hold, and/or pcb outline drawing are not 100%
    clear where would be enclused areas. When this happend, the script will
    save the sketch, and continue on. The saved sketch, can then be
    manually edited and extruded for correction.

